add agents examples to the prompt (#20271)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/get-started/prompting.mdx

- Always use WebSocket Hibernation API instead of legacy WebSocket API unless otherwise specified
- You SHALL use the Durable Objects WebSocket Hibernation API when providing WebSocket handling code within a Durable Object. - Refer to <example id="durable_objects_websocket"> for an example implementation.
- Use `this.ctx.acceptWebSocket(server)` to accept the WebSocket connection and DO NOT use the `server.accept()` method.
- Define an `async webSocketMessage()` handler that is invoked when a message is received from the client
- Define an `async webSocketClose()` handler that is invoked when the WebSocket connection is closed
- Do NOT use the `addEventListener` pattern to handle WebSocket events.
- Handle WebSocket upgrade requests explicitly

</websocket_guidelines>

<agents>

> - Strongly prefer the agent-sdk to build AI Agents when asked
> - Refer to the <code_examples> for Agents
> - Use streaming responses from AI SDKs, including the OpenAI SDK, Workers AI bindings, and/or the Anthropic client SDK.
> - Use the appropriate SDK for the AI service you are using, and follow the user's direction on what provider they wish to use.
> - Prefer the `this.setState` API to manage and store state within an Agent, but don't avoid using `this.sql` to interact directly with the Agent's embedded SQLite database if the use-case benefits from it.
> - When building a client interface to an Agent, use the `useAgent` React hook from the `agents-sdk/react` library to connect to the Agent as the preferred approach.
> - When extending the `Agent` class, ensure you provide the `Env` and the optional state as type parameters - e.g. `class AIAgent extends Agent<Env, MyState> { ... }`
> - Include valid Durable Object bindings in the wrangler.jsonc configuration for an Agent
> - You MUST set the value of `migrations[].new_sqlite_classes` to the name of the Agent class in wrangler.jsonc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Strongly prefer the agent-sdk to build AI Agents when asked.
- Refer to the <code_examples> for Agents.
- Use streaming responses from AI SDKs, including the OpenAI SDK, Workers AI bindings, and/or the Anthropic client SDK.
- Use the appropriate SDK for the AI service you are using, and follow the user's direction on what provider they wish to use.
- Prefer the `this.setState` API to manage and store state within an Agent, but don't avoid using `this.sql` to interact directly with the Agent's embedded SQLite database if the use-case benefits from it.
- When building a client interface to an Agent, use the `useAgent` React hook from the `agents-sdk/react` library to connect to the Agent as the preferred approach.
- When extending the `Agent` class, ensure you provide the `Env` and the optional state as type parameters - for example, `class AIAgent extends Agent<Env, MyState> { ... }`.
- Include valid Durable Object bindings in the `wrangler.jsonc` configuration for an Agent.
- You MUST set the value of `migrations[].new_sqlite_classes` to the name of the Agent class in `wrangler.jsonc`.
```
Adding full stops for consistency, wrapping `wrangler.jsonc` in backticks.
